(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Hope you're ready to
be blown away...
'cause...
it's showtime!
Let's duel!
(Aster)
Yuya Sakaki, I'm bringing
the curtain down on you
and your dad's dueltaining.
(Yuya)
This is my second chance
to show him he's wrong.
I gotta do it this time
'cause I don't
think I'll get a third.
I fuse
Performapal Dag Daggerman
with my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
What?
You know how to
Fusion Summon?
(growling)
Brave‐Eyes!
(grumbling)
Sweet!
(Yuto)
He never learned that someone
from another dimension
can Fusion summon.
So maybe...
he'll question everything
he's learned from Duel Academy.
(Aster)
Your Dragon's going to pay
the price for your foolishness.
Brave‐Eyes!
Did Aster drop a card?
Hey, that's
Smile World!
What are you doing with
my dad's card?
I...
dueled him right when
I got to this dimension.
Your father may have
eluded me,
but you won't!
With everything I learned
from Duel Academy,
I will end you!
Aster kept half of
my dad's card.
That means he's
always thinking of him.
I don't think it's
just for revenge.
I think my dad
got through to him.
Now, Dystopia,
wipe that grin away,
once and for all!
Finish Yuya off!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Yuya's blowing it!
And you've
blown your cover...
as his fan.
Ahh!
Please,
you're mistaken.
And if you don't
get unmistaken,
you're going to have to
deal with me, got it?
So... I could beat you
with my eyes closed.
♪♪♪
And where do you
think you're going?
You're not getting that
Action Card!
Yes... I...
am!
And now, time to
twist and turn
outta of the way
with... Evasion!
So you got lucky...
but those circus moves aren't
gonna save you forever.
'Cause you are
destined for defeat, Yuya!
And it's a defeat I can't
wait to deliver!
No matter what kind of
razzle‐dazzle
Yuya musters up,
the Commander can't be
taken down
as long as Dystopia is
equipped with Delay Armor.
(Grace)
But like, that's what's
so thrilling.
Yuya can't
destroy Dystopia,
and if he like tries,
Urban Demise
destroys his monster.
Yuya, I, like,
can't wait...
for the wow!
(Noro)
Me either, cause if Aster wins,
he'll certainly have me
demoted or worse!
All that time I spent groveling
and backbiting will be wasted!
You're in heaps of
trouble, Yuya.
Now listen up.
Aster has one focus only,
to finish you off.
You have to accept
that there's no changing
his Duel Academy ways.
No, Yuto.
My gut's telling me I can
help Aster see things my way.
Why do you
have to be so stubborn?
If your dad couldn't
get through to him,
then what
chance do you have?
That's where
you're wrong.
My dad did get through
to him.
I'm sure of it!
Don't let
that face fool you.
I know deep down, Aster's got
a smile that wants to shine.
And I'm going to do whatever
it takes to make that happen!
It's my turn!
I can tell that your
emotions are wiggle‐wagging
back and forth like
this pendulum.
Like a pendulum?
Ridiculous!
The Professor
taught you that
dueling is for power
and control,
but my dad told you that
it's for fun and smiles!
So which of the two
is right?
For me it's a no‐brainer,
but I bet you're
having doubts.
Not in the slightest!
Come on, admit it.
You had a blast
dueling against my dad,
didn't you, Aster?
I don't know what
you're talking about!
I'll jog your memory...
with a Pendulum Summon!
♪♪♪
Say hey to
Performapal Dag Daggerman!
And Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
And now I'll tribute
these two...
to summon out
the laugh of
the party...
Performapal Laugh Maker!
(laughing)
Laugh it up now, Yuya,
'cause you won't
be able to later!
I'm going to
crush you!
I doubt it!
Laugh Maker,
attack Dystopia!
Why's he attacking when he
has the weaker monster?
Chillax,
wait and see.
I'm sure his monster's
packin' some pop
that'll knock
Aster for a loop!
(Aster)
You're just dueltaining
your way to defeat.
Now we're about to
see who gets the last laugh.
Thanks to Urban Demise,
Dystopia's attack points
increase by 100!
That's fine with me,
because whenever your
monster gains attack points,
Laugh Maker's attack points
increase by 1,000!
Perfect!
Now Yuya's monster
is stronger than Aster's!
Think you outsmarted me?
Well, believe me,
Yuya, you haven't!
When your monster's attack
points change,
Dystopia can
automatically destroy it!
That would be true,
if I didn't have
this trap card handy!
Thanks to Performing
Pal's Counterstrike
instead of
destroying my monster,
yours is destroyed!
You still haven't
outsmarted me yet!
Delay Armor takes
the blast instead,
shielding Dystopia
from destruction!
So Dystopia's safe!
But Laugh Maker
can still attack!
Chuckle Charge!
(Yuya)
Way to add some sparks to
this duel, Laugh Maker!
Looks like
Laugh Maker...
got the last laugh.
There's plenty of
duel left.
Then that means there's
plenty of time for you
to dig deep
and find the fun.
What do you got to lose?
Only my patience
with all this fun talk.
I'm a soldier, Yuya.
I'm not a clown
in some circus.
Are you sure about that?
'Cause it seems
like you're putting on
quite the performance.
Trying to
convince me...
that you're only down
to destroy.
You sure you didn't keep
that half of my dad's card
to remind you
how much fun
it was to duel him?
(Aster)
Fun?
Losing is never fun.
How could I have let
a dueltainer defeat me?
Now, Dystopia,
unleash your fury!
Attack!
(groaning)
It seems that
I've broken you already.
Y'know, Yusho...
I heard in show business
that it's good
to break a leg,
but you don't
seem so good.
Maybe now you'll
drop all this fun talk.
No chance.
For even when things
are darker than dark,
they can always be brightened
with a smile.
A smile?
Enough already!
I'll prove it to you.
Now you just
pry those peepers
and let your gaze
be amazed.
I promise that you'll
be smiling in no time!
So you're still...
gonna keep fighting?
Well, of course.
Just because
I got knocked down
doesn't mean I'm
gonna give up
getting through to you.
Yeah, well,
maybe you should.
Look where dueltaining
got you,
laying in the mud
with a hurt leg.
You expect me to wanna
learn to duel from you?
Please.
You can't teach me
anything worth learning.
Well, let's just see...
if I can
prove you wrong.
Now then, I believe
it's my turn.
♪♪♪
I activate...
the spell card
Smile World!
Now, it's certainly true
that I cannot undo the bad
that Duel Academy has
already done,
but I can help you
have a change of heart.
Now let's have some
fun, shall we?
Whatever!
Your dueltaining philosophy
doesn't have
a leg to stand on,
and I mean that
literally!
My dear boy,
who needs
a leg to stand on
when I'm about to fly
high into the sky!
Ha.
(laughing)
I'm taking this
duel to new heights!
Looking good
down there, my boy!
Now what do you say we add
some light to the night?
Ahh, that's much better.
Aster, did you know
the shortest distance
between two people
is a smile?
No matter what I did,
no matter how
many monsters attacked,
your dad never stopped
smiling for a sec.
I've never
seen anything so dumb
and pathetic in my life.
Your dueltaininig might work
in imagination land
with fairytales and gumdrops
but out here
in the real world,
it's duel or doom.
So why don't you and your
dad take your dueltaining,
your smiles and your fun
and share it with
someone who cares?
Just get it
through your brain,
I'm Duel Academy
to the core!
I draw!
Now, Dystopia, muzzle that
Laugh Maker once and for all!
(grunting)
Hold it right there!
(yelling)
Like that was
an epic fail.
He totes
needs like a miracle.
Yuya will need
more than that.
Aster has this one
in the bag.
(Noro)
I just hope that bag
has a hole in it,
because if that twerp loses,
I'm through!
I place
one card facedown.
With that I end my turn.
Bet you don't feel
like smiling now!
Get up off
your knees and fight!
I'll fight you all right,
because my dad taught me
to never give up.
So I'm not givin' up
gettin' you
to duel for fun.
But, Yuya, if you fail,
Aster will
turn you into a card!
(Yuya)
I know.
I'm laying it all on the line,
just like my dad did!
Get set to
scream...
to the extreme!
Here I go.
It's showtime!
Smile World?
Awesome!
No matter
how far apart we are,
my dad's always
by my side.
Hello, dueling fans!
Oh, boy!
(laughing)
Oh!
That glee was
a yippee for Aster.
I'll let HQ know there
isn't need for woe.
How pathetic.
I can't wait 'til I put an
end to this duel debacle.
Well, in the meantime,
I'm going to reset my
Pendulum Scale
with the help of
Timegazer Magician
and the spell Scale Up!
Now I can raise Timegazer's
Scale by two,
so it jumps
from eight to ten!
All the way to ten?
Yes, sirree!
Now I can summon monsters
from Levels
five through nine
all at the same time!
Swing far, pendulum!
Carve the arc of
victory!
That means you can bring back
any of your monsters.
Yeah!
And I just know deep down,
they're going to be
so happy to see you!
Get set for their
grand entrance.
And there swift departure,
when I get through
with them!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into
action!
In an encore performance,
it's Dag Daggerman!
And reprising its role,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
And last but certainly
not least...
Laugh Maker!
Yeah!
I admit, bringing those
three back is laughable.
You'll like them
a lot better
once you get to know them!
Which is why
I'm activating the spell
Performance Exchange!
And the first thing
I've got to do
is pick
a pal on my field.
Then I'm giving you control
of all my other
monsters that have
lower Levels by sending them
over to your field!
I choose Laugh Maker.
So that means I'm saying
see ya to
Dag Daggerman
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Listen, I don't want
these lame‐os of yours.
Especially this bowtie bozo!
Just think of it
as a gift from me to you.
Hope you didn't lose
the receipt!
Easy there, buddy!
Is your anger meter
always in the red?
Well, good thing
I've got the perfect spell
to turn that burn!
And I know that
it's a card
that you're
pretty familiar with!
Yusho used that card...
Whoa!
It's Smile World!
That card
could sweeten up
even the most sour
of sourpusses!
Yeah, but not Aster.
(grumbling)
Since there are
four monsters on the field,
Smile World gives
every monster
400 attack points!
That's sure to bring
a smile to all their faces,
right, Laugh Maker?
(laughing)
These monsters may be
amused but I'm not!
I'm gonna wipe those
smiles off their faces!
You know,
you're a tough cookie!
I guess I'll just have to
come up with
another way to
create some fun!
Like maybe this!
Laugh Maker turns into
a super‐powered jokester
by activating its
special ability!
In a flash, it'll gain
1,000 attack points for
each and every monster
that has already
gained attack points
during this turn!
That's 4,000 life points!
(all laughing)
(laughing)
Now it's got
6,900 attack points!
Before you know it,
Laugh Maker will have
Commander Phoenix
in stitches!
Don't be so sure.
Yuya still has to contend
with Aster's Dystopia combo.
You just blew it
by changing Dystopia's
attack points
with Smile World!
Now it can use its
special ability
to destroy Laugh Maker!
When are you
going to learn, Yuya?
I said, no more
Action Cards!
Ahh!
I'm taking you down!
By discarding one card
from my hand,
I destroy this steel cage,
and the chain that
binds us together!
So your swing is swung!
Happy landing!
(yelling)
Is this what you
were trying to get?
There's nowhere left
to run, Yuya!
You no longer
have any monsters.
Looks like Duel Academy's
techniques
are superior to
your duel‐laming!
Oh, sick burn!
Sounds like you're actually
getting into
the dueltaining spirit.
I think you're mistaken.
Well, that's
what your brain says
but your heart is telling
me something different.
Come on, Aster, I know you
love dueltaining,
just admit it.
Just make your move!
Okay, then let's
get back to the duel!
Since you destroyed
Laugh Maker...
I can summon
Brave‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
back from my graveyard,
and all of your monsters
on your field have their
attack points
zapped to zero!
(roaring)
You brought that
monster out earlier
and it didn't fair
too well.
And it still won't!
Actually,
if I remember correctly,
Brave‐Eyes showed that
Fusion Monsters
can be used for
dueltaining too!
But I destroyed it
in a flash.
True if you
focus on the negatives,
but Brave‐Eyes put on a show
so spectacular
it had you
scrambling for a strategy.
And it's about to
start again!
Brace yourself, Aster!
'Cause my
Brave‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon...
is taking out Dystopia!
(roaring)
Amazing.
What a performance!
I wish I could
say the same thing
about the Commander.
But I can't, so I'm just
going to zip my lip.
(Yusho)
You know when two monsters
are evenly matched,
the winner's
going to be the one
who can best scramble
for a strategy.
And that, my boy,
is what makes a show
so spectacular!
Don't you agree?
No, they're wrong.
Yuya, I'll start by using
Urban Demise to increase
Dystopia's attack points!
And next I'm gonna
activate the trap D‐Soul!
By banishing one Destiny Hero
from my graveyard,
Dystopia gains
its attack points.
But that's still not strong
enough to best Brave‐Eyes!
Oh, I'm not done!
You think you can impress
using Fusion Monsters,
well, I can too
using action cards!
I activate the Action Spell
Double Attack!
Making Dystopia
stronger than your Brave‐Eyes!
(roaring)
Commander Phoenix
has the upper hand!
(Yusho)
Don't you know
the show's not over
'til the final card
gets played?
And if you
don't believe that,
you just might
get played!
(shouting)
(roaring)
Way to stick the landing.
I activate the Action Spell
Miracle Fire!
Huh?
It copies the effect of
another Action Spell!
And copying Double Attack
is just the ticket,
'cause it doubles
Brave‐Eyes's attack points
to 6,600!
Let's finish big,
Brave‐Eyes!
Now heat things up!
Searing Flame Strike!
That's gorge.
Wha...
A dueltainer
beat me again.
(Aster)
How lame.
Yuya won!
How 'bout a hugzies?
Ha, looks like I won't be on
toilet patrol after all.
Enough with
the celebrating!
If the Professor hears how
the Lancers outdueled us,
he's going to make
us pay for failing him.
(clearing throat)
Don't worry.
You won't be punished.
Because
Noro has a plan.
(tires screeching)